update readme (#32)
huggingface/tei-gaudi: README.md

   docker run -p 8080:80 -v $volume:/data --runtime=habana -e HABANA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=all -e OMPI_MCA_btl_vader_single_copy_mechanism=none -e MAX_WARMUP_SEQUENCE_LENGTH=512 --cap-add=sys_nice --ipc=host ghcr.io/huggingface/tei-gaudi:latest --model-id $model --pooling cls
   ```

>    For models within `Transformers library` that need to add `trust_remote_code=True` param to support customized implementations, please set ENV param `-e TRUST_REMOTE_CODE=TRUE` within `docker run` command line. Here is an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For models within the Transformers library that need remote code to run customized implementations, please set the environment variable `-e TRUST_REMOTE_CODE=TRUE` within `docker run` command line. Here is an example:
```
